Feat/disable mcu toggle (#446)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-programmer: Changelog.md

### Fixed

-   Valid Modem Firmware for Thingy:91 was previously detected as incorrect.

> -   Show the device family in the Memory layout title for MCU Boot devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Show the device family in the Memory layout title for MCUboot devices.
```

### Removed

> -   `Enable MCUBoot` toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `Enable MCUboot` toggle.
```
